What is MACHINE LEARNING?
    Machine learning is the subfield of computer science that gives "computers the 
    ability to learn without being explicitely programmed."

Major ML techniques:
1. regression/ estimation : predicting continuous values
2. classification : predicting the item class/ category of a case
3. clustering : finding the structure of data; summarization
4. associations: associating frequent co-occuring items/ events.
5. anamoly detection: discovering abnormal and unusual cases.
6. sequence mining: predicting next events; click-stream(Markov Model, HMM)
7. dimension reduction: reducing the size of data(PCA)
8. recommendation systems: recommending items

DIFFERENECE BETWEEN AI, ML, DL
    1. AI(tries to make computer intelligent, to mimic cognitive funs): computer vision, language processing, creativity
    2. ML(branch of AI that covers the statistical part of AI, teaches to solve 
        problems by looking at thousands of examples): classification, clustering, 
        neural network.
    3. Revolution in ML: Deep Learning(field of ML where computers learn and make 
       intelligent decisions on their own)

PYTHON LIBRARIES FOR ML:
    1. NumPy: math lib to work with n-dim arrays
    2. SciPy: collection of numerical algos and domain specific toolboxes.
    3. Matplotib: plotting package that provides 2-D as well as 3-D plotting
    4. pandas: provides high performance easy to use data structures., provides data 
       structures and operations for manipulating numerical tables and timeseries.
    5. SciKitLearn: collection of algos and toolsfor ML.

What is supervised learning?
    teach the model then with that knowledge, it can predict unknown or future instances.

What is unsupervised learning?
    The model works on its own to discover information


SUPERVISED LEARNING 
classification: classifies labeled data
regression: predicts trends using previous labeled data
has more evaluation methods than unsupervised learning
controlled environment

UNSUPERVISED LEARNING
clustering: finds patterns and groupings from unlabeled data
has fewer evaluation methos than SL
less controlled environment